please I'm in the zone is it - uh oh yes
buckle always does the trick does it not
my rarity you are my talent now how can
I help you
oh darling whatever happened to you
cliff outta my hair what about yours
are you saying my mouth making promises
my legs can't keep why of all them this
is your sister Applejack remember loyal
Stu friends the most dependable
opponents don't you use your friends in
mathematics to muddle the issue I said
I'm gonna handle this harness and I'm
gonna prove it to you it's okay oh you
poor little baby now this might hurt for
just a second oh you're just a little
baby cutie aren't you yes you are yes
you are I didn't know about the thorn
sometimes we all just need to be shown a
little kindness do not recall the legend
did you not see the signs well well well
somepony who remembers me then you also
know why I'm here remember this day
Little Ponies for it was your last from
this moment forth the night will last
forever
Twilight Sparkle my faithful student I
knew you could do it
I told you that you needed to make some
friends nothing more I saw the signs of
Nightmare moons return and I knew it was
you who had the magic inside to defeat
her but you could not unleash it until
you let true friendship into your heart
just a moment please
I'm in the zone as it were oh yes
Sparkle always does the trick does it it
does not oh darn I screwed that line up
well how to do miss Twilight a pleasure
making your acquaintance I'm Applejack
we're here at sweety boy the loyal is to
Franz the most dependable up honest
don't you use your fancy math masks
muscle yeah oh my god
Twilight Sparkle my faithful student I
knew you could do it I told you that you
needed to make some friends nothing more
my microphone is for you we surprise for
you ha ha ha surprise hi I'm pinky and I
do this party just for you surprised ha
ha
ease your mind if I think you're busy
until you all shared it's magic with me
take adventure a beautiful heart
faithful and strong